update dashboards content for GA (#3179)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/dashboards/customize-dashboards/index.mdx

---
title: Customize Dashboards
sidebar_order:
description: "Learn how to edit or create additional dashboards to suit your organization's needs."
---

<Note>

Editing dashboards is only available if your organization is on either the Business plan or the Trial plan.

</Note>

> When you visit Dashboards for the first time, you'll find a dashboard with a set of pre-built widgets. You can build a new dashboard or edit an existing dashboard by clicking on either the "Create Dashboard" or the "Edit Dashboard" buttons on the top right-hand corner.

Reviewer: a thought: if either of these buttons move, the content won't be evergreen. If they're already pretty self-evident, we don't need to tell users to look in the top RH corner.

```suggestion
When you visit Dashboards for the first time, you'll find a dashboard with a set of pre-built widgets. You can build a new dashboard or edit an existing dashboard by clicking on either "Create Dashboard" or "Edit Dashboard" on the top right-hand corner.
```

Author: Based on the screenshots, the buttons are pretty self-evident, so I've implemented your suggestion in your suggested version.

> Next, you can build or edit widgets by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you can build or edit widgets:
```

> - Clicking on the pencil icon to edit an existing widget.
> - Clicking on the widget panel with the plus icon to create a new widget.

Reviewer: suggest rephrasing to focus on what you can do, so:
```suggestion
- Edit an existing widget by clicking the pencil.
- Create a new widget by clicking the widget panel then with the plus icon.
```
